Update hazard (#121)
GFDRR/rdl-standard: docs/about/changelog.md

- [#100](https://github.com/GFDRR/rdl-standard/pull/100) - Update field names, titles and descriptions not covered in other issues.
- [#116](https://github.com/GFDRR/rdl-standard/pull/116) - Replace `biblio_title` and `biblio_url` with `Related_resource` definition.
- [#115](https://github.com/GFDRR/rdl-standard/pull/115) - Add `Entity` and `Attribution` objects, update entity related field names and descriptions.
- [#121](https://github.com/GFDRR/rdl-standard/pull/121):
  - Nest footprints within events and events within event sets.
  - Update `calculation_method`

>   - Add fields `event_set.id`, `event.id`, `footprint_set.id`, `event_set.disaster_identifier`, `event_set.frequency_distribution`, `event_set.seasonality`, `event_set.calculation_method` and `event_set.number_events`
>   - Update field `event_set.hazard_type` and `event_set.analysis_type` to use related codelists
>   - Update `process_type` from `footprint_set` to `event` and `event_set`
>   - Add `temporal` object to `event_set`

Reviewer: Copy-edit

```suggestion
  - Add fields:
    - `event_set.id`
    - `event.id`
    - `footprint_set.id`
    - `event_set.disaster_identifier`
    - `event_set.frequency_distribution`
    - `event_set.seasonality`
    - `event_set.calculation_method`
    - `event_set.number_events`
    - `event_set.temporal`
  - Add codelists for `event_set.hazard_type` and `event_set.analysis_type`
  - Move `process_type` from `footprint_set` to `event` and `event_set`
```

  - Add codelists for `event_set.hazard_type` and `event_set.analysis_type`.
  - Move `process_type` from `footprint_set` to `event` and `event_set`.
  - Create `Occurrence` object.
  - Removes `common_calc_method`, `common_frequency_type`, `common_hazard_type`, `common_impact_type`, `common_process_type` and `im_code`.
- [#124](https://github.com/GFDRR/rdl-standard/pull/124):
  - Replace `vulnerability` object with `Vulnerability` definition.
  - Replace `function_type`, `calculation_method`, `approach`, `f_math` and `f_relationship` with `functions` object and `Vulnerability_function`, `Fragility_function`, `Damage_to_loss_function` and `Engineering_demand_function` definitions.
  - Add `.scale` to `Spatial` object.
  - Update field names, titles and descriptions in `Vulnerability` definition.
  - Create `Impact` object and update associated field names, titles and descriptions.
    -[#132](https://github.com/GFDRR/rdl-standard/pull/132):
  - Replace `loss` object with `Loss` definition.
  - Removes `time_start`, `time_end`, `time_year` from `loss`.

>   - Removes `loss_loss_type`, `loss_metric` from `$defs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Remove `common_calc_method`, `common_frequency_type`, `common_hazard_type`, `common_impact_type`, `common_process_type` and `im_code`.
- [#124](https://github.com/GFDRR/rdl-standard/pull/124):
  - Replace `vulnerability` object with `Vulnerability` definition.
  - Replace `function_type`, `calculation_method`, `approach`, `f_math` and `f_relationship` with `functions` object and `Vulnerability_function`, `Fragility_function`, `Damage_to_loss_function` and `Engineering_demand_function` definitions.
  - Add `.scale` to `Spatial` object.
  - Update field names, titles and descriptions in `Vulnerability` definition.
  - Create `Impact` object and update associated field names, titles and descriptions.
- [#132](https://github.com/GFDRR/rdl-standard/pull/132):
  - Replace `loss` object with `Loss` definition.
  - Remove `time_start`, `time_end`, `time_year` from `loss`.
  - Remove `loss_loss_type`, `loss_metric` from `$defs`.
```
